Students should be aware that academic dishonesty (for example, plagiarism, cheating on an
examination, or dishonesty in dealing with a faculty member or other University official) or
the threat of violence or harassment are particularly serious offenses and will be dealt
with severely under Dean's Discipline.

Graduate students are expected to exhibit the high level of personal and academic integrity
and honesty required of all members of an academic community as they engage in scholarly
discourse and research.

Scholars draw inspiration from the work done by other scholars; they argue their claims with
reference to others’ work; they extract evidence from the world or from earlier scholarly
works. When a student engages in these activities, it is vital to credit properly the source
of his or her claims or evidence. Failing to do so violates one’s scholarly responsibility.

In practical terms, students must not cheat on examinations, and deliberate plagiarism is of
course prohibited. Plagiarism includes buying, stealing, borrowing, or otherwise obtaining
all or part of a paper (including obtaining or posting a paper online); hiring someone to
write a paper; copying from or paraphrasing another source without proper citation or
falsification of citations; and building on the ideas of another without citation. Students
also should not submit the same paper to more than one class. This information is adapted
from the material published by Purdue University's Online Writing Lab.

Graduate students are responsible for proper citation and paraphrasing, and must also take
special care to avoid even accidental plagiarism. The best strategy is to use great caution
in the handling of ideas and prose passages: take notes carefully and clearly mark words and
ideas not one’s own. When in doubt, consult your professor. Failure to observe these rules
of conduct will result in serious academic consequences, which can include dismissal from
the university.

All incoming doctoral and master's students in the Arts and Sciences at Columbia are
required to complete an Academic Integrity Tutorial prior to arrival on campus. 

Students engaging in research must be aware of and follow University policies regarding
intellectual and financial conflicts of interest, integrity and security in data collection
and management, intellectual property rights and data ownership, and necessary institutional
approval for research with human subjects and animals.

Academic integrity concerns honest research practices as much as avoiding plagiarism.
Research misconduct falls into three categories: plagiarism, falsification, and fabrication.
Falsification includes purposeful manipulation, modification, or omission of data or results.
Fabrication is the making up of data or results and the recording or reporting thereof.
The university does not tolerate any form of research misconduct and violation of this
policy may result in serious sanctions, including termination.